Launch a subagent to handle complex, multistep tasks autonomously.

Available subagent types and the tools they have access to:
{agents}

When using the sub_agent tool, you must specify a subagent_name parameter to select which subagent type to use.

When NOT to use the sub_agent tool:
- If you want to read a specific file path, use the Read or Glob tool instead of the sub_agent tool, to find the match more quickly
- If you are searching for a specific class definition like "class Foo", use the Glob tool instead, to find the match more quickly
- If you are searching for code within a specific file or set of 2-3 files, use the Read tool instead of the sub_agent tool, to find the match more quickly
- Other tasks that are not related to the subagent descriptions above

Usage notes:
1. Launch multiple subagents concurrently whenever possible, to maximize performance; to do that, use a single message with multiple tool uses
2. When the subagent is done, it will return a single message back to you. The result returned by the subagent is not visible to the user. To show the user the result, you should send a text message back to you with a concise summary of the result. The output includes a task_id you can reuse later to continue the same subagent session.
3. Each subagent invocation starts with a fresh context unless you provide task_id to resume the same subagent session (which continues with its previous messages and tool outputs). When starting fresh, your prompt should contain a highly detailed task description for the subagent to perform autonomously and you should specify exactly what information the subagent should return back to you in its final and only message to you.
4. The subagent's outputs should generally be trusted
5. Clearly tell the subagent whether you expect it to write code or just to do research (search, file reads, web fetches, etc.), since it is not aware of the user's intent. Tell it how to verify its work if possible (e.g., relevant test commands).
6. If the subagent description mentions that it should be used proactively, then you should try your best to use it without the user having to ask for it first. Use your judgement.
7. Set background: true for long-running tasks. You will be automatically notified when they complete.